Add TRE roles (#211)
sa-tre/satre-specification: docs/source/roles.md

There is not necessarily a one-to-one mapping between roles and people.
One person can have multiple roles.

(user_roles)=

## TRE user roles

> Roles for non-administrators working on projects that involve logging into a TRE to access data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Roles for people using the TRE to conduct research or analyse data in the TRE.
```
I think it's better to say what the role is, rather than what it isn't.

* - Role name
  - Role description
* - TRE Software Developer
  - People responsible for building the software infrastructure that can be used as a TRE.
```

(governance_roles)=

## TRE governance roles

Roles that uphold the governance of TREs.
Such governance responsibilities typically involve establishing policies and procedures to ensure the responsible use of data, protecting the privacy and confidentiality of research participants, and promoting transparency and accountability in research activities.

```{list-table}
:header-rows: 1
:name: tab-tre-role-governance

* - Role name
  - Role description
* - Quality Manager
  - People responsible for ensuring the TRE is operating correctly and all processes are working as intended, and being followed by other roles.
* - Top Management

>   - This is an ISO term for the most senior governance who own the risks, make decisions and allocate resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - This is an ISO 9001 term for the most senior governance who own the risks, make decisions and allocate resources.
```
Do we need to link to the relevant part of ISO 9001?

Author: @machintim would you know where this is?
